Transcribe HPC Shell material (#373)
carpentries-incubator/hpc-intro: _episodes/12-cluster.md

characters you type after the password prompt are not displayed on the screen.
Normal output will resume once you press `Enter`.

You may have noticed that the prompt changed when you logged into the remote
system using the terminal (if you logged in using PuTTY this will not apply
because it does not offer a local terminal). This change is important because

> it makes it clear on which system the commands you type will be run when you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it can help you distinguish on which system the commands you type will be run when you
```

because clarity is in the eye of the beholder
